oh go away shinza loses playing light
are you see a counterculture I told
y'all or comments like to the walls I'm
eating the Apple Konami Sangha popping
oh yeah download slices Petey powder hi
member bottom hi darling dong dong dong
dong hey Watsa lucky for soup I - E - I
know honey mmm
more magenta how sharp you told how
comes to this my bad a legend ha ha ha
ha oh yeah
Huang walla walla walla walla
hey Wolowitz's on ye in the same war
Hodgins are not in coo coo coo long way
since yet alone so he looses an ally
team call me
welcome atomic up on indiana quite good
time to transfer she a night tada hi MA
can i Omar Shruthi Shang hall in
Shanghai to lahaina roads in wire young
female donkey he partying Hey huh knee
Shin tae-yong come ah ha ha ha ha ha so
high - in love so Chickasaw chicken soup
for me
I know